website_sale_product_reference_displayed/README.rst, before:

=======================================
Display product reference in e-commerce
=======================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/11.0/website_sale_product_reference_displayed
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-11-0/e-commerce-11-0-website_sale_product_reference_displayed
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/113/11.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the ``website_sale`` views to display the product's full
display name, with its product reference included.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Just install and the products will be shown with their full display name.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_product_reference_displayed%0Aversion:%2011.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * David Vidal

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/e-commerce <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/11.0/website_sale_product_reference_displayed>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] website_sale_product_reference_displayed: Migration to 12.0

website_sale_product_reference_displayed/README.rst, after:

=======================================
Display product reference in e-commerce
=======================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/12.0/website_sale_product_reference_displayed
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-12-0/e-commerce-12-0-website_sale_product_reference_displayed
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/113/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the ``website_sale`` views to display the product's full
display name, with its product reference included.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

Just install and the products will be shown with their full display name.

You can enable or disable for each template and website in the *Customize* frontend
menu setting the *Display product reference* option on or off.

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/e-commerce/12.0/website_sale_product_reference_displayed/static/description/enable-product-reference.png
   :alt: Enable display reference

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues/new?body=module:%20website_sale_product_reference_displayed%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * David Vidal

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/e-commerce <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/12.0/website_sale_product_reference_displayed>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
