product_template_multi_link/README.rst, before:

==============================
Product Multi Links (Template)
==============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0e0dd3b14b59f4440c366484a618e3e5f8e9b42e24c749930da65edd26e58102
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/18.0/product_template_multi_link
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-18-0/e-commerce-18-0-product_template_multi_link
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/e-commerce&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of sale module to support links
between products templates.

This module adds two types of links :

-  **Cross Selling** : suggest your customer to purchase an additional
   product
-  **Up Selling** : suggest your customers to purchase a higher-end
   product, an upgrade, etc.

These types of links are common in e-commerce shops.

It can be used as a base to implement synchronizations with e-commerce.

Important Note
--------------

This module is linking products together (product templates), not
product variants. For that purpose, you can use the module Product Multi
Link (Variants), in the same OCA / e-commerce repository.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

-  To mass edit or create links between products templates, Go to Sale >
   Configuration > Products > Product Links

|image1|

A kanban view is also available

|image2|

-  You can manage links by product, Go to Sales > Sales > Products and
   select a product

|image3|

-  You can so add new item, line by line, via an editable tree view

|image4|

|Try me on Runbot|

.. |image1| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_tree.png
.. |image2| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_kanban.png
.. |image3| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_form.png
.. |image4| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_tree_edit.png
.. |Try me on Runbot| image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/113/14.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  This module links templates together. 'product_multi_link' links
   variants together. We could, in a next version of Odoo, include
   variants features in that module, and adding a new group in 'Manage
   Product Variant Links'.
-  Develop another module product_template_multi_link_customer, that
   adds a new type of link named 'customer'. Those links could be
   generated automatically by scheduled cron task, analyzing
   sale.order.line. Odoo could create so, the 3 most products sold when
   a given product is sold.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues/new?body=module:%20product_template_multi_link%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* GRAP
* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

-  Sylvain LE GAL <http://www.twitter.com/legalsylvain>
-  `Binhex <https://binhex.cloud//com>`__:

   -  David Luis Mora <d.luis@binhex.cloud>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/e-commerce <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/18.0/product_template_multi_link>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] product_template_multi_link: Migration to 18.0

product_template_multi_link/README.rst, after:

==============================
Product Multi Links (Template)
==============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:0e0dd3b14b59f4440c366484a618e3e5f8e9b42e24c749930da65edd26e58102
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fe--commerce-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/18.0/product_template_multi_link
    :alt: OCA/e-commerce
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/e-commerce-18-0/e-commerce-18-0-product_template_multi_link
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/e-commerce&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of sale module to support links
between products templates.

This module adds two types of links :

-  **Cross Selling** : suggest your customer to purchase an additional
   product
-  **Up Selling** : suggest your customers to purchase a higher-end
   product, an upgrade, etc.

These types of links are common in e-commerce shops.

It can be used as a base to implement synchronizations with e-commerce.

Important Note
--------------

This module is linking products together (product templates), not
product variants. For that purpose, you can use the module Product Multi
Link (Variants), in the same OCA / e-commerce repository.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

-  To mass edit or create links between products templates, Go to Sale >
   Configuration > Products > Product Links

|image1|

A kanban view is also available

|image2|

-  You can manage links by product, Go to Sales > Sales > Products and
   select a product

|image3|

-  You can so add new item, line by line, via an editable tree view

|image4|

|Try me on Runbot|

.. |image1| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_tree.png
.. |image2| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_kanban.png
.. |image3| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_form.png
.. |image4| image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/product_template_multi_link/static/description/product_template_link_tree_edit.png
.. |Try me on Runbot| image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/113/14.0

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  This module links templates together. 'product_multi_link' links
   variants together. We could, in a next version of Odoo, include
   variants features in that module, and adding a new group in 'Manage
   Product Variant Links'.
-  Develop another module product_template_multi_link_customer, that
   adds a new type of link named 'customer'. Those links could be
   generated automatically by scheduled cron task, analyzing
   sale.order.line. Odoo could create so, the 3 most products sold when
   a given product is sold.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/issues/new?body=module:%20product_template_multi_link%0Aversion:%2018.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* GRAP
* ACSONE SA/NV

Contributors
------------

-  Sylvain LE GAL <http://www.twitter.com/legalsylvain>
-  `Binhex <https://binhex.cloud//com>`__:

   -  David Luis Mora <d.luis@binhex.cloud>

-  Vo Hong Thien <thienvh@trobz.com>

Other credits
-------------

The migration of this module from 17.0 to 18.0 was financially supported
by Camptocamp.

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/e-commerce <https://github.com/OCA/e-commerce/tree/18.0/product_template_multi_link>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
